We have an urgent news break.
Ye Fan, Chairperson of Night Market Investment Co., Ltd.
Was reported today on suspicion of embezzlement
Illegal fundraising and other crimes
Now upstairs in the night market building
Prepare to withdraw from the mountain
A poor wretch
Wait, Ye Fan's flight is back.
What else?
That's true.
I'll kill you!
Just because you treat me like this
I also want you to place
Let's raise our hands to vote for the company
What business is saved?
Something happened to Mr. Ye
Mrs. Wang and Wang Kuan, the president of the Wang Group
We went to the police station together in the afternoon
Join forces to report you
Wilderness, from marriage to the present
I'll give you what you want.
What!
I'll have one steamed bun, I'll eat it in two, and I'll give it to you.
Where am I sorry for you?
I want any opponent to frame me together
You think I've been through it all?
Love is all online
Tonight, you are not very arrogant.
He also said he wanted to buy my house
Be the richest man in Jiangnan
What about you?
All shares in the night market group
Transfer to me
I beg Wang Shao to forgive me
dream
If Cher hadn't asked me to marry you
Take out all your savings
It is impossible for Master Jiang to sit in the hospital and wait to die
I've felt sorry for Cher enough in my life
Even if you die
I can't hold him back anymore
Brother Ye Fan, I don't want it
Brother Ye Fan, don't they just want me to share?
I'll just give them the shares
Please don't do anything stupid.
Don't hurt him.
How could they have let me go?
Children are worried about gains and losses
If there is an afterlife
I must be poor
Yifan brother don't want
Ye Fangge
Brother Ye Fan, Brother Ye Fan, wake up!
Ye Fan Ge Xue Er
Please tell me.
What time is it?
What month and date?
Brother Ye Fan, what are you talking about?
Today is January 15th, 1992
The day you married Sister Huang Yun
Can you forget this?
January 15, 1992
I went back to before marriage